Let's take a look at the waltz rhythm.
If all three-beat apparel using the rhythm of intensity is rhythmic
That's it.
The word having three groups quarter note, and the touch
The other two nights.
One thing to note is that
Let's put the whole line of line 4 firmly on the line.
The treble area mainly consists of 3
Yeorige is one chisimyeon 2 Please put the accent on the lute I cheotbang
Let's try the rhythm in one state.
Wind
Let's try playing the Gibong r geography with basic code progression.
Ah
or to be
Let's play a little soon.
bolero
Oo
cool
In the barracks pattern, we changed the rhythm of the eighth note with the table,
Teach me to be strong.
Download Best doeseo work stroke add more
Then let's finish up with a beautiful rhythm
Give it a try, Kuchatsu.
Let's create a basic word processing.
Oo
won
Let's play a little soon .
er
Oo
we
For example, in uniforms, my colleagues think of my brother ,
I can play.
Code from the thought of my brother a When you play a mood
Please share your professional hit all over the line five times mainly four times sake released Tico
If you give me this seventh form, you 'll have to do all six lines .
I'll go ahead and try the eight bars.
outer
In the song Edelweiss, a55
2 3 4
Let's try playing with a variation pattern.
tweet
won
U